boom what's up everyone Marco Viner
Tiger fitness.com look I I really hate
when I'm wrong or when I'm not 100%
correct and I will come to you and say
when I'm not right about something now
I've gone on record numerous numerous
numerous occasions saying that the only
reason to intake I'm actually I've
actually started changing this my
clients programs because my personal
opinion and feedback has changed I used
to say the only time that liquid
carbohydrate are necessary is in when
you're in a caloric surplus so much that
you can't get in extra carbs during the
day so I say that hey you know what if
that's the case then throw in some carbs
when you when you couldn't eat it more
and that's pre during an in pre during
and post workout now for the last about
about 4 to 5 weeks I might come back in
and again I've trained for years I've
actually been throwing in pre workout
with my pre-workout shake which is
usually you know class schema ball and
I'll throw in some carbolic about 25
grams of carbolic during training I
throw in 25 grams of carb all up in my
machine fuel post-workout I either have
core pwo which I absolutely love I think
it's fantastic or if you already have
the stuff you don't want to buy an extra
product you can also use carbolic with
MTS nutrition way I alternate between
core pwo and then I take the peanut
butter chocolate what a peanut butter
mts way with the chocolate carbolic
that's actually what this is right here
and I'm so excited about this because
here's the deal I said on this camera a
few weeks ago that I can't recover from
training more than four days a week I
just can't do it I feel for is the best
I was treating for days and I was really
recovering well and I'm like you know
what what if I step this up but I do
five days what if I step this up and do
6 days and the only thing that the only
variable that I changed and I know I'm
going to I'm going to be accused of
trying to sell stuff and obviously I
like selling stuff it's how I keep
myself in business this is the God's
honest truth and you can't ask my
clients you know what
Stover to having 25% of their carbs
around training some of them now I'm
going to tell you when it matters and
when you need to kind of you know not
care about it now my carbohydrates are
the 4 to 6 under gram per day range of
that I like to see 25% of carbohydrate
taking and that still gives me at least
300 carbohydrate during the day so I can
eat plenty of oats and sweet potatoes
and pop-tarts and where the fuck my
heart desires right so for someone like
me getting 25% of their carbohydrate
entry during training which essentially
is around when I'm getting 25 25 and 25
core pwo actually gives me closer to 50
it's closer to 100 grams of carbs around
training now if you're on poverty macros
okay if you're under 200 grams that's
what I would say you know what even 25%
of that it's 50 grams I mean and you're
gonna want to eat food you have trace
carbohydrate from other foods that's
what I say you know what you don't need
it and it might not make a difference
but it's something to toy around with
you know so what I'm doing is for my
clients and they've noticed differences
too and that's the beauty of it I can
actually test this through people who
are on controlled programs and it kind
of sucks doing this because I've gone on
record saying that nutrient timing
doesn't matter but I want to just be
honest and real about what's going on in
my program in my life
I do believe that interim and again the
data is actually kind of contradictory
to what I'm saying and I'm cool with
that
I'm just going this is just how I feel
like Chris Jones I'm being real yo you
know I'm being real and the real deal is
that I really feel a difference in
recovery and that's all up here it could
be mental it could be placebo but right
now my recovery is off the chain I'm
doing a full hardcore high volume
hypertrophy based leg workout Monday and
recovery to do a full high volume squat
and hamstring workout on Wednesday I've
never been able to do that in my life in
my life so the recovery is just off the
chain with what I'm doing here and again
it's like you know so again my protocol
right now is a
work out whatever your choice
pre-workout is with 25 grams of carbs
ward over your body weight if you let's
say if you only have 50 grams of carbs
you can even do that just intra and post
I really like having carbs intra workout
because I feel that keeps me going
through the workout I tend to flatten
out but when I have carbs intra workout
at least 25 grams
I find that my pump stays I like
pre-workout - I would say that the time
if you need to pick two periods if you
only have let's say 50 grams of carbs to
work with I'd go pre and during workout
and post-workout I just have your next
scheduled meal and you already have
carbs floating around there and branched
chains from the freedom machine fuel or
whatever your choice of branched chain
product is or I think you'll be good but
I think pre enduring are the two
critical parts but I'll tell you what
this post-workout shake since I can fit
it in at my current macros I really
enjoy and I feel it's helping me
tremendously so that's it you know the
brands I like you know again there is
there is gonna be obviously I'm going to
tell you where you can get it of course
Tiger Fitness calm carbolic MTS way it's
a stack - and the peanut butter and
chocolate tastes fantastic
chocolate carbolic peanut butter way and
also remember that prosupps is part of
the Cystic Fibrosis as is mts nutrition
so if you buy carbolic an abscessed way
5 percent of that purchase go straight
to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation so
that's it guys again I'm more dissing
myself and I'm correcting myself like
I've said before III know a lot and my
people get results but if I find
something that could get them even
better results I'm gonna implement I'm
not hard-headed science evolves personal
opinion evolved and I've evolved to
think now and this could change I could
say it sucks later I could say it was
all placebo I could say I was wrong and
maybe I was just high because I don't
know I overdosed on Silas or something
but at the end of the day this makes you
big hard and veiny just like Silas does
to my cock anyway that's it guys I
appreciate your watching mark LaVon your
Tiger Fitness calm because admitting
you're a fucking idiot that's not a game